Welcome to SNCC, Saturday night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
For New York One, Michael O'Looney.
I did one recently about a guy up in Harlem who owns a shoe store.
It's called Salomon Iron Eagle Shoes.
He actually makes the shoes here in Harlem.
And it's kind of the American dream because he came over from Jamaica about ten years ago,
saved all his money, worked in his shoe store over here,
and then he saved his money, opened his own place.
Someone might sit along the way and say,
if he's doing it, I can do it too.
He's up in Harlem and he's, you know, getting by and he's doing well,
and they love him up there.
New York One.
He made his dreams come true because there's only one New York.
They're the best young musicians from around the country,
and each one hopes and dreams to be chosen
for the most exciting adventure of their lives.
To make new friends.
To study with the masters.
And to play for the world.
Join host Dutley Moore and guest conductor Henry Mancini
for the second annual Disney's Young Musician Symphony Orchestra,
exclusively on The Disney Channel.
How you doing?
The earthquake.
Meow.
New to Moe. What are you doing?
You're damn Sam.
I'm looking for breakfast, but it is so dark.
You're in luck.
My tasty Kellogg's Fruit Loops are in new bright colors.
What's bright?
Just follow my nose to the bright color of Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
Now I see the shine of orange, lemon, cherry, and lime.
The bright part of this nutritious breakfast with vitamin C.
Oh, they are bright.
Dig in.
Oh, put your mouth to light.
A few moments on your arm.
Follow your nose to the most colorful fruit taste.
Gushers, fruit snacks will blow you away.
They're bursting.
Blast it.
Booming with fruity juice in the middle.
Man, what a fruity black mouth.
Gushers, fruit snacks.
The blast of fruity juice will blow you away.
When you're feeling spiral, you're catching rays.
Life and all will be sure out of matinee.
When you take a ride and lose your way, it's gonna happen.
Those happy colors in the milk chocolate.
That delicious milk chocolate that melts in your mouth,
not in your hand.
Open your head and smile.
Welcome to SNCC, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
Your hair short bounces.
It'll give you luster, sheen and more friends than you know what to do.
Gee, your hair short bounces.
Thanks.
Can you believe how much they hype these things?
The more they tell you how great something is,
the more likely it is to be a total washout.
Like that ride at the carnival,
you're finally big enough to ride.
And then you find out it wasn't worth the wait.
Let's get you all excited about what fun it'll be
to have a baby brother.
But what the stork delivered should be marked return to sender.
But what's the main event in a teenager's life
that starts with high hopes and ends in total disappointment?
Blind dates.
You know, where two complete strangers meet,
go out and ruin each other's evening.
Why would anyone agree to that?
Hey, Clarissa.
Well, can you tell?
Tell what?
The one I look different.
Hmm, same hair, same clothes.
No earring.
You look the same to me, Sam.
I'll never be the same.
I've just been set up on my first blind date.
Blind date?
You're going on a blind date?
Yep.
My dad set me up with a new high school intern at his paper.
And from everything he said, she's the girl for me.
Well, have fun, but isn't this the sea monkey's fiasco all over again?
That was different.
I was just a kid.
And besides, they make him look so friendly
on the back of the comic book.
And what'd you get?
A bunch of wormy things that died in a week.
Let's face it, Sam.
When you bet on something you can't see for yourself,
you're asking for disappointment.
Have you ever actually been on a blind date?
Let's hope the word never is the answer
I'll give to that question forever.
Clarissa, I'm surprised.
Blind dates are an essential right of passage.
Every teenager goes through it.
It'll be fun.
Give me a break.
You still want to come along?
What?
You want me to go with you on your blind date?
Won't you mind?
We'll see.
Here's the thing.
Amanda has a cousin.
Well, thanks for dropping by, Sam.
Come on, Clarissa, you gotta.
He's new in town.
He doesn't know anybody.
And Amanda won't go without him.
No way, Sam.
Come on, it'll be me, Amanda.
You and what's his name?
Give it up.
What are the odds of two strangers
on a blind date liking each other?
Probably about the same as Gandhi coming back to life,
beating me up and stealing my lunch money.
How romantic.
Look, even if it's a lousy date,
you'll have your first blind date horror story.
No girl should be with that one.
Come on, Clarissa.
What's the worst that can happen?
I'll be there.
If our blind dates are dead,
we can still have a good time.
All right, I'll go with you,
but just do me a favor
and find out this guy's name.
Thanks, Clarissa.
No problem.
Hey, I'm going on a blind date.
I must be a teenager.
Hey, I'm going on a blind date, too.
I must be out of my mind.
Hello, Mom.
Hi, Ferguson.
Is it true that dinner's about to be served,
or is that just hearsay?
Oh, dinner's in about an hour, so...
I see.
Not exactly sure, are you?
An hour or so.
Could you be more specific?
No, Ferguson.
Why are you giving me the third degree?
No more questions.
My best suit, huh?
How come it always happens to your best suit?
Why can't it happen to your worst suit?
What are you talking about, Marshall?
Well, how come dry cleaning mishaps
always happen to your good stuff?
Lafitte dry cleaners lost my blue pinstripe.
Oh, no.
That was your best suit.
Oh, that's exact.
What are you staring at?
Just look at what the soprestines are putting up next door.
Could they have chosen an uglier fence?
Oh, that chain lingo, that's an eyesore.
Oh, I just don't know if I can bear to look at it every day.
Just doesn't seem fair.
And it's not.
Mom, Dad, you're looking, I'm here.
I'm willing to take your cases.
What cases?
Why, darling versus soprestine,
darling versus Lafitte, have no fear,
Virg Law is here.
Ferguson W. Darling, Esquire.
Ferguson, we appreciate the offer,
but these are not legal matters.
Are you or are you not people?
Last time I checked.
Small claims court.
It's for people, people with everyday problems
that demand restitution.
People like you and Mom and me.
I think you counted one people too many.
Ferguson, why would I take the soprestines
to small claims court?
There are neighbors.
To find neighbor.
Would a real neighbor erect a wall like that?
You're my neighbor.
I direct a fortress.
This, please, this is a legal matter
about which you know nothing.
I'm consulting with my plaintiffs, if you don't mind.
Yeah, well, I've gone to Lafitte for years,
and, uh, well, they made a mistake,
but I mean, it's no big deal.
Your father's right,
and the same goes for the soprestines.
I'll just go over and have a nice little chat with them.
Well, let me chat with them, Mom.
Even if you don't sue,
think about what a great education this could provide for me.
Inspired by my early victories,
I could go on to become a Supreme Court justice.
It's a natural progression.
You're already a supreme pain in the butt.
Ferguson, I don't want any trouble.
Got you, Dad.
I read you loud and clear.
Boy, what a day.
You can say that again.
Yeah?
Well, I supported something wrong.
Mom, Dad, have either of you ever been on a blind date?
Just once.
That was enough.
When she opened the door, I said,
hey, I heard you were blonde.
She said, hey, I heard you were handsome.
She slammed the door in my face.
I guess she took a fence.
Nice going, Dad.
Mom, was it just as bad for you?
Well, I have blind dates to thank
for my getting together with your father.
We didn't meet on a blind date.
I know, but every blind date I went on was so awful
that it made me appreciate you.
After this one guy tried to use my sleeve as a handkerchief,
I started seeing your father in a whole new light.
Oh, heartwarming.
Why are the sudden interests close?
Are you going on a blind date?
Kind of.
Oh, are you anxious about it?
Well, I was till I talked to you.
Nothing like a chat with Mom and Dad to calm the nerves.
I've been thinking about my blind date.
And what if Mom and Dad were right?
Even worse, what if their horror stories were tame?
What if I'm trapped in a blind date from hell?
Or to our date.
The more I think about it, this could get really gruesome.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
Sam, about this blind date.
It's all set up.
I talked to Amanda.
She sounds really cool on the phone.
So this Saturday, it'll be me and Amanda, you and Milton.
Milton?
You set me up with a Milton?
What's wrong with that?
Well, I'm a Clarissa.
You're definitely a Sam, but what's a Milton?
Well, what's in her name?
I mean, would you go out with a Keanu or a river
if you didn't know what he looked like?
Please, I can just see it now.
You'll be off whispering sweet love, nothing's to Amanda.
And I'll be stuck with Milton discussing the federal deficit.
Don't you think you're overreacting?
I promise you, Milton won't be a pointy-head.
Okay, maybe not, but there's still plenty of gross things he could be.
Take a look at this.
It's called blind date basherama.
How's it work?
I'm preparing.
My blind date is really bad, I just have to fight back.
See? Take that, eight man.
Stand back, broccoli head.
I'll see you later, slob dude.
Clarissa, didn't you program any normal guys in there?
Sam, no one who goes on a blind date is normal.
We're going on blind dates and we're pretty normal.
You're right, Sam.
It's like you're looking for perfection.
I mean, does he have to be a prince charming for you to have a good time?
Good time? That's the farthest thing from my mind.
When it comes to blind dating, settle for survival.
Mom, Dad, I think you'll be very pleased with the progress of your pending cases.
What are you talking about?
Well, you'll note I've spoken with the zoning board
and the dry cleaning association of America,
and I even wrote to Judge Watkins.
Your problems are solved.
Don't thank me now, you can thank me later.
Oh, what?
Are you Janet Darling?
I'm Janet Darling, can I help you?
Sue, by the sufferstines.
What?
Actually, I'm being countersued.
I have to appear in a small claims court next week.
Let me see.
I'll get it.
Are you Marshall Darling?
Do I look like Marshall Darling?
That's Marshall Darling.
What is going on here?
You guys make my job easy.
I wish I always could serve papers at the same address.
I'm being countersued by my dry cleaners.
I'm being countersued for obstructing private property.
Harass?
Refusing to settle, metal anguish?
Ferguson, how can we be countersued
when we never sued in the first place?
Well, actually, Dad, we did sue.
What?
Well, I took the liberty of sending in some of the paperwork myself.
Ferguson, didn't I tell you I didn't want any trouble?
Yeah, yeah, Dad, but I thought you meant
that you didn't want me to get you involved.
But I was trying to provide the finest legal counsel
that nobody could buy.
It's the first law of furgo dynamics.
If fur gets involved, things get worse.
I'll get it.
Maybe it's another suit. We're not home.
Are you Clarissa Darling?
Yes, as a matter of fact, I am.
Then these are for you.
Do you, Clarissa? Thank you.
They're Clarissa. They're only flowers. Look, there's a note.
You look. I can't.
I'm really looking forward to our date. Milton.
This is worse than I thought.
It's turning into my blind date from hell.
I see what you mean. He sent flowers.
No, you don't understand.
I do. He sounds like a real monster.
My worst fear is coming true.
Sam's going to hate me, but I've got to get out of this blind date.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
More Clarissa. More Snake.
After this.
They're three California kids.
Hey, sir!
Who've just been given the power of the ninja.
It's your destiny.
Now, kill him.
Kill him whether they like it or not
They are America's newest secret weapon
Sorry starts Friday, August 20th in a theater near you
No class P is full pizza pizza
Oh
Now you can get a free toy surprise prize it little season free toy and little season
These baggy series Mario knows that you an improved Mario and Super Mario all-star so much Mario
It's a Mario smorgasbord. It's all the way up Mario
There's adventures you ever played in then some but this is juiced up 16 bit only on the Super Nintendo entertainment system Mario
So it's bigger Mario later Mario in your face Mario. It's right cool Mario Mario throwing fireballs Mario her little turnips Mario negotiating an arms deal
Okay, maybe not it's Mario like you've never seen him. What's supposed to Mario? What's the capital of Ohio Mario?
You're gonna live breathe sleep Mario and Super Mario all-stars for Mario games including the never-before-seen lost levels
So you can't get more Mario than this which is why the best player here
With all their argument commentary and conjecture it seems like this is what some magazine
Are doing to your brain?
What we do is spark it
Life, it's what you make of it
Introducing the very first health club
For your emotions life. It's what you make of it
You're watching
And now back to Clarissa explains it all
Seems pretty tough. He knows me through and through. I'll have to come up with a pretty good excuse
Let's see
Sam about this blind date. I don't know how it slipped my mind, but I promised my dad we go night fishing
Yeah, like you'd ever buy that
Hmm Sam I can't go out with Milton my guidance counselor said that a blind date just wouldn't be healthy at this stage of my development
Yeah, right like I never listen to her Sam
Hey Clarissa
The blind date countdown has begun
Yeah, um
Sam about the blind date. Um, let me ask you something
Could you picture me going night fishing?
No, I
Nothing guess what I saw Amanda. You saw your blind date. Yeah, and she is one totally happening girl
That's not fair. I'm not going on a blind date if you're not going on a blind date
Well, mine's semi-blind. I didn't talk to her anything. Nope. It's too late. Sorry. I can't go. I'm just not up for this
Okay, but Amanda told my dad all about Milton and he seems pretty cool
Rides a motorcycle and he's got his own band his own band
Sam I'm totally unprepared for him to be cool. Clarissa. You can't back out on me now the dates tomorrow
I'll never find anyone else his own band
Then you'll come all right
Cool. I've got to go clothes shopping for tomorrow night. You're buying a whole new outfit. No just accessories
I need some new shoelaces for my high tops. Gosh. I might have a date with a real cool guy. I
Can't believe I didn't think of this sooner. I've been so stuck up so pigheaded so narrow-minded
What if he's not the sea monkeys, but I am if Milton's so cool, maybe I won't live up to his expectations
What if I get nervous and just start babbling?
You know it drives me crazy those little balls you get on your wool sweater, you know
I saw this gadget on TV once and it says it gets rid of them, but I don't think it works
I mean if it really really worked well, I mean he wouldn't have any smarter lives, right?
You know dust is 95% in the skin or even worse
What do I do during all those long awkward pauses?
What if I get so nervous I go on a tremendous eating Jag?
Why do I suddenly feel like I'm a disappointment and how come every teenage rate of passage comes with so much pressure?
The only thing worse than a date is a drag is a date who thinks you're a drip
Mom and dad catch you with all these law books. You're dead
You tell it. I'll kill you you try and I'll sue a minor can't sue a minor
You know this really is the perfect profession for you for a face
Someday people may actually pay you to be annoying heartless and manipulative just don't come crying to me when you're desperate for legal representation
I don't need a lawyer. Oh, maybe not today
But I could imagine a case where a blind date would sue another blind date for ruining his dinner his evening his entire
Dating life. What are you talking about? Sorry sis. No free consultations. Perhaps I'd better take my work elsewhere
What if Ferg faces right and I cause irreparable emotional damage? I could wind up getting sued in blind date court
Do you swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth? I do
Darling your witness thank you your honor
Miss darling. Are you in fact Clarissa darling? Yes, louder, please. What are you deaf?
What lips? I have checked
Order order, but I find her objectionable and I find him objectionable then you're even
Carry on isn't it true that you had no intention of being a good blind date?
Well, it's not like it was my idea
Isn't it true that you were doing everything in your power to sabotage Milton's genuine interest then enjoying your company?
Well, yeah, but what do you expect? It was a blind date
Isn't it true that you were making no effort and were in fact being a dud a dud your honor?
Isn't it true that you are not as smart?
Good-looking or talented as your younger brother Ferguson W. Darling objection objection
This could get uglier than love connection and those people get to check out each other on videotape
That does it. I'm gonna give this blind date a shot. Try to have a good time case dismissed
See you ready. Uh-huh. You okay? Of course
Okay
Let's do it
Where'd you get the shirt?
Why what's wrong with it? Nothing. I think it's great
No, you don't how could you I mean it's what you should have ever owned
I'm not going
What why not because of your shirt? No, not just that there are other things. I mean Amanda
What if she's totally boring? What if I can't think of anything to say?
Cool in the right mind. We want to go on a blind date in the first place
Nervous Sam. No, I mean, yeah, I mean
Maybe what about all the stuff you've been telling me all week. It'll be fun
It's a teenage rite of passage. I'll be there. Oh, just throw that in my face. Oh, hi Milton
She what really
She did
Really
Okay, well, thanks for the flowers
Okay, bye Amanda doesn't want to go on the date. What?
Why oh like you're dying to go. She made up some excuse. Oh great
You know how long it took me to pick out this shirt
So what do you want to do Sam? I don't know. I can't believe she blew me off
I don't think it was you personally Sam
Milton seems to think it was the whole blind date thing. Yeah, I guess it is pretty awkward
Only there was some way to get around all the pressure. I'll never get to know her
Well, it wouldn't be so awkward if we just met right?
We were just going to meet Clarissa
No, I mean if we just met them for real like if we just ran into them or something like get the rollerblade rink
And if we all just happen to be there and we all just happen to strike up a conversation you mean
It's not too late. Is it I'll call a Milton tell them we're still going over there. Give me the number. Hi a Milton
It's Clarissa
No, that's okay. I
Just want to let you guys know that we're still going over to the rollerblade rank
Okay, well, we'll see
All right, bye. I think they'll come cool. This will be the first time we meet somebody who's namely already know
Mom dad
Victory for the darlings you won. What's going on Ferguson? Yeah, don't tell me we're being sued again
I told you to knock it off a true
But upon reflection I realized a good lawyer never lets his clients emotions get in the way and good news
The defendants agreed to throw out their counter suits as long as we agree to throw out our suits
Of course, that has nothing to do with your blue suit. I love the law
Sounds like the law didn't have much to do with it. What do you mean mom and dad aren't being sued anymore?
We wouldn't have been sued in the first place if you hadn't gotten involved
Oh a moot point as they say they'll leave the profession. I think you're missing the point Ferguson
Oh, don't worry about me mom the only loose end is uh, mr.
Lafitte got a restraining order to keep me off his premises, but I plan to fight it in court
Well, it's gonna be pretty hard to fight it in court since you've been grounded for the next month
Grounded what mom dad come on
There is justice in this world come on. Let's get to the roller rink. I have a feeling I'm gonna run into this really cool girl
I hope she has a cousin
Hot cereal mom
I could argue very persuasively that sugar-coated chocolate bombs are a much more effective way to begin the day
Ferguson you want to talk for two months? No mom
Can we just lock him in the basement until summer? I think solitary confinement would be good for him
Well, good morning sleepyhead. How'd the date go pretty good? We're all gonna go see Milton's band-play next week. Oh, that sounds promising
Well, Milton may not be Prince Charming, but at least he's not a broccoli head. Well, I'm glad to hear that
Ta-da nice suit dad. Yeah, mr. Lafitte came through. They bought me a brand new suit as long as I keep Ferguson away
You're welcome
And you're still grounded
And look the silver scenes are taking the fence down. Well, we finally reached an amicable agreement
Don't tell me Ferguson. It's something to do with it. Actually it was Robert Frost. I left them a note
Before I built a wall
I'd asked to know what I was walling in or walling out and to whom I was like to give offense
Something there is that doesn't love a wall that wants it down. That's one of my favorite poems
Nice a little sniff here and there and that frost guy could really make us point more effectively
So that's what made them change their minds a poem
Well that and the fact that I offered to help plant some la-lock bushes in place of a fence. Oh, that'll be really nice
Oh Clarissa one of my so-sits at the museum has a nephew staying with her for a few weeks was about your age
Maybe the two of you could go to a movie or
Nah, when it comes to blind dates, I think the jury is still out
Clarissa explains it all
Keep basking in the glow of the big orange couch
Snick will continue after these messages
The whole wide world is whining for wienerville
Nickelodeon wienerville
What are they whining for they're whining for their cartoons
They're whining for the head puppets
They're whining to watch real kids get wieneried
They're whining for
Nickelodeon wienerville the only show worth whining for every sunday starting at two one central on nickelodeon
It's not that I want to see other people
It's just you deserve better than me. It's that old saying I want to let you be free if you love a butterfly
Set it free go and if it comes back if there was a word between friend and boyfriend like casual friend of boy
Really good friends every east pack pack pack comes with a lifetime guarantee
Provided you can handle the commitment everything is going to be the same only we're just not going to kiss
Okay, if I had my way, I changed my hair
But give the kids me all the way. I like it with no pickles
Yeah
Now at burger can you can collect save the animal cards?
You can save mammals fish birds and burger cows and amphibians
There's 17 cards in four albums one with every kid's meal. You can save them in albums
Or treat them with friends
Just a few more satisfied viewers of are you afraid of the dark tonight at 9 30 8 30 central on snick
You
Then of course there are those who make their own rules
Rock smash the scissors. Oh, nothing scissors. These are super nuclear power scissors with rock crushing later kids
Still intended to be fun except for the games people play with the feelings of other people
We have names to the people who play these games. They are anatomical names
We can't say on tv, but you know who they are
Beating still repairs for me due to last week's meeting
Gilmore plastic surgery are still being accepted
popular girls club
You're gonna meet the gym
We will now go to lunch so we can show exactly how unpopular Robin is
Have you ever walked into school cafeteria and realized while you solitary diners? There's chum in a drum
I'm all alone, but that's okay because I've got chum in a drum
Complete with decorative half eaten lunches
Notebooks filled with private for your eyes only notes and incredibly cool jackets to place in the tables and chairs near you
Wow
Chum in a drum also comes with a book of phrases you can yell out to your invisible friends. Hey, tony while you're up
Get me a twinkie. Oh land friends your potatoes are rotten. You're getting cold
Can I do it?
Seats are taken
That's right with chum in a drum only you have to know how really unpopularly you are
Also comes the next restraint for members of the audiovisual club
Do you need a ride home or something? No, my traveling music's just late. Maybe tomorrow. Oh forget it. I'm just taking for someone popular
Talking about no way. I did him first. Hey dad. Can I swim the night at jimmy? Dave dad is letting him
Well, son of dave's dad let him jump off a cliff. Does that mean I should push you?
Uh, let you the game where you try to get a straight after from your father
But he always phrases his answer in the form of a question. Here's our reigning champion
Hi, I'm the dad and I take the blame for bringing this idiot into the world and I'm the snell's little brat who's nothing but trouble
Let's get right to the game. Shall we today's categories are lazy boys
Cheap fears of the world when I was your age father son talks and finally
Finger pulling fun
You go first young man. I'll take father son talks for a hundred, please. The answer is
No, what is do I look like I'm made out of money? Correct
Let's see
Father son talks for 200 the answer is because she'll say no too. What is why don't you go ask your mother correct?
Once again, our grand champion is wallowing his pathetic offspring
Let's see. I'll take what I was your age for a thousand alex. The answer is
10 miles
What is how far I had to walk through the snow up hill both ways to get to school and I was your age young man
Be good, but you've shown your father up and that means you're in the daily trouble
How much do you want to wager I'll risk it all alex
Yeah, why not your little snot? It's not your money a final jeopardy answer is
Why okay time is up remember the answer is why what's your answer son? What is my anointing sister's favorite word?
Sorry that leaves you exactly what you started with nothing
Now let's see what's an ad robe remember the answer is why what is because I said so alex correct
All right, who's next in line for some of his parental wisdom? I guess that would be me
Your nickel shoot
Hold it right there young lady consult your parental handbook
Popular comes under dealing with others, which is under the subheading of emotions, which as you well know dads have nothing to do with
You're gonna have to ask your mother fine. Where is he? Come on. It's his tv
Where do you think a stereotypical tv mother would be?
Someone with bad hair and an irritating singing voice would invent a scrub brush that would clean without scratching
Hi, I'm michael bolton and no matter what anyone says
I'm very talented
Today I like to tell you about a revolution in dishwashing
Bolton the scrub had the scrub had made from lots of my own hair
Well, actually it was my barber's idea. Here he is now
One day after a wax job on michael's filthy hairy back
I picked up a huge chunk of his hair off the floor. It was spongy yet gritty
And my first thought was this would be harmless to pots and pans
Fabulous, but what about those really tough jobs? No problem. I've got enough to last a lifetime
Wow, I can see myself. Oh, no, that's squash casserole. Mom, could I talk to you about a non-fiction thing for a moment?
Oh, sure honey. What's up? I could tell you it's not up my popularity. Oh, sweetie
Don't worry so much about being popular. All right, you're smart and you get good grades
In the long run, that'll be what's most important. You think so? Oh, I know. So let me tell you a story
There was this girl in my class and she was quiet and kind of homely nobody liked her
Nobody thought she would ever amount to anything and do you know who that girl was?
Was that you mom? No way. I was head cheerleader. She was the fat lady who worked in the cafeteria
But she's so gross and disgusting and nobody liked her. Yeah, but she just got her own show on the fox network
You know who you are. It doesn't matter what anybody else thinks
Oh fudge
Look at that
Waxy yellow buildup. I think I got to the arcade for a little while
The greatest game ever be the life of the party be superior be anything, but your real self be popular
That's another way be popular
We'll sneak again
Partridge family the ordinary american family doing chores going to school
Plain sold out rock and roll concerts at their chart busting hits
The partridge family is a family like none other traveling the country in a strange painted bus strange
You're calling my family strange. Well, Tracy don't put that drumstick up your nose
Brew to the partridge family every week night at eight seven central on nick at night
Hey, dude, it's not your clothes. You need to change. It's your pants
Yikes are the only pencils as unique as you yikes are pencils and erasers without rages shapes and colors
That go straight to the core because you can't look sharp with dull pencils. Sorry, dad
Yikes can't work miracles. They write like other pencils, but they make you go yikes
I love video scavenger heads. Let's roll spider dogs twins rock group group heads, Dan
Got it twins. Well, I always see twins and mcdonalds
Oh
California kids who got the surprise of their life
When someone gave them
The power of the ninja
Sorry now they have to be all that they can be
Because they're america's newest secret weapons. Why do you keep calling us that
Surf ninjas
It's a tough job
But somebody's got to do it. I got one rated PG starts friday august 20th at a theater near you
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on nick
The ball is wrong. There'll be no more dancing. Thank you
This is just a reminder to all you club presidents the combined average grade of all your members
Must be at least the C plus if you're to be allowed to continue your club
Popular girl club. You're on the borderline
Athletic club. You're on it from this role. Thank you
Oh
Me really
You want me as a friend?
We feel way close to you
Ronda robins
Whatever
And this is my friend walnuts if you'd like to join him on his world travel you can all you have to do is find him
Where's walnuts walnuts at the beach? Can you find him?
Look hard. He's saying if you can find him at all. Where's walnuts?
Do you see me?
Can you find me?
The costume party where everyone's wearing the same outfit. Where's walnuts? Be careful. This one's tricky
Walnuts look alike friend is at the party too. Do you see walnuts friends? Do you see peanuts?
I got this new video game on sale at hallmark. Really cool. Is it gaping moon? No painful instep?
Thumbs of agony. Nope. None of those.
Shrieking house cats? Nope. Actually it's called yard. That's right yard
The video game that realistically simulates you sitting in your yard and playing with stuff out
This game sucks 16 bit microchips. Yeah, this seriously megabytes. I'm going over to savannah's house to play
Lugie's a fury
By yard today also curve and throw rocks in the street. Hey robin. I got this new video game. You want to play?
No, no. Do yourself. Hey Jimmy wait up. I'm coming to play in the real yard
Do you know me chances are you live right next door to me?
Oh, let me play it out here where you could damage my house. I hope you know I'm keeping this
My lady your house has made a brick exactly which is why I could cave in if struck by this ball
Boom. I wonder what she does when I stuff. She takes those anyway
Come on down the neighbor ladies forwarding does where we have a huge selection of stuff that used to belong to you
Just look at this high quality pre-owned frisbees. Hey, I lost this last summer
You said it was a sharp dangerous projectile. I couldn't have it back. Well now you can all right for four dollars
What a ripoff. Don't think of it as a ripoff. Think of it as a ransom that's neighbor ladies forwarding goods
Shop here or never see your stuff again
I am gonna cream you guys in Monopoly tonight. Oh, sorry dad. I can't have something to do with my new friend
Oh wait Thursdays always been family night. I'm sorry dad, I can't
It's family night. Someone gets out the monopoly says
Ladies is the dumbest one in the family always has to say boy if this was real money
We don't be millionaires
What do they think of bubble tape's new dispenser pack?
Your barber calls you tiger. Hey tiger gives everyone the same hair cut
He says that new pack just doesn't cut it and Edna wears too much lipstick
Her house smells like mobs. She has no teeth. She says I still can't chew bubble
Six feet of bubble tape coming soon in a new dispenser pack for you not damn
One year ago Saturday night tv was a vast desolate unwatchable wasteland for kids one year ago
Nickelodeon changed all that with snick four prime shows one orange couch and a place to turn to on Saturday nights
Now 52 snicks later. We're celebrating our first snick anniversary
With special premieres of the four shows that changed the face of Saturday night television forever
So don't miss our very first snick anniversary next Saturday at 8 7 central on the only place to snick nick
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on nick
First there were computers that beat you at chip. All right one better luck next time
Now there's shame boy the computer that not only beats you but rubs it in as well
Checkmate fish face. So you wouldn't want to pay you. Is that it?
My blind stupid dog could do better than that. You call that a move my uncle with the wooden legs faster than you
Shame boy has three levels of trash talking irritation
Your mama
Humiliation your mama's ugly and complete character devastation
Somebody was telling me your mother's ugly isn't sin and sin sued
Hey, take it easy man. She looks like a million bucks
Green and crumpled
So if you want a shame boy, bring your bony butt down here and get one unless you want your mama to do it for you
Oh, I forgot. She's too busy being ugly
You build it
He will come and make rye observations about it
Jerry Seinfeld starring in Seinfeld's dreams
The big leagues play on a diamond. Do the minus play on a cubic zirconia
Look report
Who cares? We got our done
One three sweet dreams
Where your dream sequence, come back to sleep
Now you're getting to be popular
You dump your nerdy pet
Ten thousand points. Just do your little.
This is java's dad. You didn't do your look rapport. So well who cares now i'm popular
Six third green hands, the simple salad I ordered, dressing on the side, reminds me of someone I once knew who cleaned our house and didn't have a green card.
For every generation, there's a jab.
Join in. It's me, Robin.
Rota. Roberta. Oh, Rowena.
You're still here? You were supposed to bring up our grade point average.
Too bad about English.
Major wanted. You'll have to go back to being a total loser.
Looking for me, Kale? You're gonna have to just see for yourself.
But one thing I can't tell you is so for real will be there.
So don't miss all that this week at 8.30 to 7.30c. Only on Smith.
Oh, grab a pencil. If you want to find out how you can turn your room into the ultimate hangout,
the details on how you can play the Nickelodeon Ultimate Room Instant Ring Game are coming up.
Saturday night has arrived and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
If you want to be amused, dazzled, celebrated,
romanced in the world's most gorgeous and exciting restaurant,
if you want to dance, be entertained,
feast, come to Tavern on the Green in Central Park.
The only thing modest about us is our prices.
Tavern on the Green, a New York City masterpiece.
Coming soon to your local Six Flags theme park, Cartoon Network Day.
Sponsored by your local cable operator in the home of the top two stars.
Bring your cable bill to the park for one free child's admission with one paid adult admission.
Post for a free photo with your favorite tune star.
Plus get special discounts on great Looney Tunes stuff.
Ride the rides, see the sights.
Cartoon Network Day at Six Flags. Be there.
Come to Cartoon Network Day on August 15th at Six Flags Great Adventure.
Brought to you by Time Warner Cable of NYC.
He has no upper lip. Like this.
He shakes his entire body.
His ears. Ooh. Is he's got one of those unibrow's?
I hate that.
A remote control holder for my birthday. Thank you.
He calls me Amigo.
He reads Mercenary Magazine.
He waxes his chest.
Dinosaur making is not legitimate profession at all.
Each pack-back-packs come with a lifetime guarantee against defects.
If only the same could be said for boyfriends.
He bites his toenails.
Ugh.
This is a very big thing you're doing, Mr. Hoek.
We have just the boy for you.
He's only seven years old and hasn't had much love.
But I think you're just the man who can turn him around.
Come on. Bring in the little never.
J-A-X-D-C.
Okay. Bring in Kowalski.
Kowalski is serving a 30-year prison sentence for crimes against humanity.
But we let him out on weekend furloughs.
Well, go on, Kowalski. Say hi to your fake dad.
He's going to give you the love you never had.
Go ahead, Ren. Give him your love.
Kowalski love, no daddy.
Oh, Joy. We are such a happy family.
Let us all enjoy some quality time together.
Oh, look. I have some tasty icing on my spoon.
Let us share it.
Oh, no. You should give some to your new child.
He's not my child.
Daddy.
I'm not your dad. I'm only your fake dad.
And only for this weekend.
Be nice to the product of your loins.
My fake loins.
I wish all children could know your love.
Ren.
My favorite chair. Give me that.
That's my book, your mangling.
Why, I ought to take your pants down and spank you.
Ren Hulik, what are you doing? Shame on you.
You leave his little pants on. Show him some love.
You're his father.
I'm not his dad.
Shame, shame, double shame.
You're right. I've been terrible.
Okay. I'm sorry, Kowalski, but be careful.
This is my house. And these are my things.
Don't you know that smoking can kill you?
Now I really ought to spank you.
That'll teach you not to smoke.
What's going on in there?
Daddy hit baby. Baby mad.
My favorite couch. My favorite TV.
My favorite friend.
Okay, Kowalski, what kind of sandwich do you want?
Meat.
And what kind of bread do you want?
Meat on meat, eh?
Okay.
Here's your meat on meat sandwich.
What's wrong now, Kowalski?
Here.
What's wrong with you now?
Firstie, want greek?
What would you like to greek, Kowalski?
Get him a glass of meat. Will you strip me?
Look, Ren, baby, spit up.
You're his fake dad. You better burp him.
Okay, Kowalski, I'll burp you.
Okay, Kowalski, burp for daddy.
Come on, Kowalski.
Burp, I tell you.
Oh, come on, Kowalski.
Please burp.
Do it for your old man.
I'm telling you, there's no way he's going to burp.
Not in a million years.
Oh, from you, Kowalski.
Now, now, Ren.
Please, that is coming for a long time now.
Get up, Kowalski.
Get up.
Come on.
That's right.
Now, turn around for the job, man.
Take them down.
Come on.
Take the pan.
The pan's Kowalski the pan.
What's going to happen?
Pull them up.
Please, pull them up.
Pull up the pan.
Well, how did you enjoy your weekend, Kowalski?
Daddy burp, baby.
Baby love, daddy.
You've done a wonderful service to humanity, Mr. Hoek.
You've really turned the lad around.
Okay, boys, take him away.
Hmm, hmm...
Goodbye, daddy.
Hey, goodbye, baby.
Leave me.
Goodbye, daddy.
Daddy, daddy.
Goodbye.
There, there.
It's okay.
Even daddies can cry sometimes.
Ren, Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
There are a lot more what you call ugly people in this world than beautiful people.
And there's a growing sense of strength in our collective ugliness.
And it's frightening to some people.
But we refuse to accept the standard television definition of what beauty is.
We don't want to live in a beer commercial.
We don't have permanent dramatic shadows that make our plain faces pretty.
We don't have perfect airbrushed bodies.
And we don't want them.
The point is not to be beautiful.
The point is to be yourself.
This morning we were regular fifth graders.
Now we're heroes.
It all started when we were separated from our class on a field trip.
We were off goofing around when we realized,
Wait, we're gonna miss our bus?
We knew if we missed our bus, we'd be toast.
Once we saw our bus, we figured we were aces.
We were long.
How come we don't know anyone on this bus?
Because that's our bus.
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's.
Yeah, follow that bus.
Now we're famous, which is cool.
Because famous people never do homework.
Would you eat a mustard donut on Monday?
Talk to a head on Tuesday.
Get hypnotized on Wednesday.
Soft shoe on Thursday.
And go on a date with Beetlejuice on Friday.
Would you marry me?
What would you do every weekday at 6-5 Central on Nickelodeon?
This year at Six Flags Great Adventure.
Answer the call to Batman The Ride.
Imagine the air below, have the sky above.
You are Batman.
When you fly Six Flags only, suspended outside,
looping nothing like it on Earth experience.
Not even at Disney.
But wait, there's more.
Witness the exciting thrills of the Batman Stop Show.
At Six Flags Great Adventure.
Get these great savings with specially marked cans
of Coca-Cola Classic and Diet Coke.
Gangs rule the streets.
You know they got us living like animals.
Fears taken over the city.
But how can you complain when you do nothing?
But now, meet your man's impound.
All that's going to change.
So take a stand.
Check out Meet Your Man.
Check this out.
The Meet Your Man.
Trying to feel your own meat.
Rated PG.
Now playing at theaters everywhere.
I'm BB Jeffy, the star of Nickelodeon Wienerville.
Nice trod, bubble breath.
It's starring me, Donny.
Hey, I'm Mark Wiener, the host of Nickelodeon Wienerville
and the cartoons of the stars.
Not you guys.
No way, Mark.
Wiener Star.
Spent Sunday afternoons in Wienerville.
Watching cartoons.
Watch Nickelodeon Wienerville every Sunday
starting at 2-1 Central right here on Nickelodeon.
And now, back to the glow of the Renan Stimpey show.
Back with us now to those bygone days.
When the West was brutal, untamed, and lawless.
It took a special breed of man to tame this country.
Men with eyes like eagles,
reflexes like a rattler,
and the king, ruthless wits of a panther on the prowl.
We's awful, Eggner, don't we, Ewalt?
I'm plum-proud of it, Eggner.
Ewalt?
Yeah, Eggner.
What's Eggner it mean?
It ain't different, I know.
But we's it.
If you can't get over it in a whoopeeie.
Ew yeah.
Hey, I'm bored.
You're smart enough to be bored?
Hey, what's your dirty mouth?
So, what are we gonna do today?
Let's just hang somebody.
We ain't hangin' nobody in a long damn time.
Ewalt?
Ewalt, who are we going to hang?
What's up, Bound?
Oh, Lady Crenshaw!
Yeah, yeah!
Uh!
No, we hanged her yesterday.
Well, heck, we done just about hanged everybody in town.
Hmm.
Uh...
You know, maybe we ought to hang somebody that deserves it.
Will it's the hang?
Yeah, villains!
What are villains?
I don't know!
Yuck!
From out of the long desert shadows,
ride two dangerous desperadoes,
three-fingered hook,
and his faithful sidekick,
Stupid the Kid.
Uh, hello?
Own where they ride.
Raw!
Tough!
Desperate!
Small!
Hey, Stimpy!
Let's go down to that little one-horse town
and see if we can pick up some odd job,
pillaging and looting.
Pillage, pillage, pillage!
Loot, loot, loot!
Swanton.
Excuse us, Mr. Sheriff.
You needn't look any further,
for it is we who are your villains.
Hey, why don't you fellers mosey over to my place
and steal my horse?
Because there's nothing worse than a horse thief.
Oop!
Here is your horse that we have stolen.
Theest horse ever I did see.
Hey, that's no horse.
That's my wife.
Ah, ye boys can keep her.
Just remember, brush her and feed her twice a day.
She'll get a ride of six wide horses when she comes.
He reminds me of your uncle Eddie.
Why is that?
Because he's big and stinky.
Hey!
You shouldn't say mean things like that.
Did you ever consider that this horse might have feelings?
Now let's steal that horse.
So, it's the old steal the horse bit again, is it?
Alright, let's do it.
If we have to.
Hey boss, these guys just stole me and...
Well, sir, I don't like it.
There, horse thieves, you morons!
It's a confession to me.
And I...
I hear asleep.
I've polished my boots with your tongue.
That's okay, Ren.
I wasn't really asleep.
Hey, Walt, would you be so kind as to hang these two young fellas?
Hang those guys.
The scrawny one don't weigh enough,
and the fat one ain't got no neck.
Oh, who are we gonna hang now?
I guess we'll have to hang each other.
There's only one thing that we like more than hanging.
And that's singing and dancing.
Come on, everybody, let's have a ho-down.
Love's a-hanging, that's why he give us necks.
It turns up our vocal chords.
Adam sends up our pecks.
So if you are a horse thief and guilty to the bone,
go ahead and blame a friend and you won't hang alone.
It may be hard to swear,
but you'll be three feet taller
and find a way to entertain your friends.
You say you are a billet, but can't hide by killing.
Go ahead and steal yourself a horse.
Two, three, eleven, or five...
Figures, boys.
I'm a picking.
And I'm a swinging.
I'm ignorant.
And I'm ugly.
That you are, boy.
Love's a-hanging and so do we by heck.
So get yourself a lasso and decorate your neck.
Only is awful ignorant and ugly and sin.
So go ahead and cut us down.
And hang us all again.
Hanging that is soaring a spell.
You've seen everything.
Every.
Take a closer look at Nickelodeon.
Closer.
Hello, baby.
No, closer.
Because now Nick's got more of the Looney Tunes you want.
More bugs.
More daffy.
And no Bosco.
Sorry, Bosco.
Get a better look at the Looney Tunes you want every weekday
on Nickelodeon.
If thou wilt, cut off the heads of thy two children
and be smear me with their blood.
I shall receive life again.
Be smear me?
That's disgusting.
Fairy tales?
Weak, Chris.
Very weak.
Weak?
Have you ever read these things?
Not the wimpy versions.
The original ones.
Ah, no.
Can't say I have.
I have.
They're full of stabbings and demons and manning animals
and cutting off limbs and whatnot.
Cool stuff.
My favorites, the one where the old woman kidnaps the prince
and puts blood on the queen's mouth while she sleeps
to make the king think she ate him.
That's so gross.
I love it.
Hey, I'm not buying it.
A kitty story's a kitty story, no matter how you cut it.
Oh, man.
You're not going to tell some title.
Fairy tale, are you?
Not exactly.
The story I'm going to tell is about a girl who loved fairy tales.
She had a huge collection.
She knew most of them by heart.
The trouble was she spent so much time thinking about the world of make-believe
that she started to forget the difference between reality and imagination.
And when you do that, a fairy tale can soon become a scary.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story the tale of the final wish.
Go ahead, my dear.
Have a taste.
Such pretty apple.
You must take a bite.
But if you don't, I'll have to.
Of course you do eat it!
I've got to grow up, Jill.
It's stupid.
There's nothing under there.
But who wants to eat it?
Something!
Jill, not again.
I swear that grabbed me.
Honey, it was a dream.
No, it wasn't.
And these green, nasty-looking scaly hands
reached out and tried to pull me under.
I'm not kidding.
Look.
Didn't we have this last week?
They make fun of me.
What's going on?
Nothing. Jill had a nightmare.
It wasn't a nightmare.
There was something under there.
Jill, we all have nightmares.
You just can't take them so seriously.
Go back to bed.
Gotcha.
It was you?
Come on. Don't be such a snitch.
How did you do that?
I thought you wanted to find something under the bed.
You're always looking.
Why don't you just grow up?
Me?
You're the one who's still living in a fairyland princess.
You're 13 years old. Listen to the radio.
Go to a concert or something.
Stop being a kid and maybe you won't be scared
of boogie men under the bed anymore.
Sweet dreams.
Jill, don't do this again.
Jill was having a rough time.
Everyone kept telling her to grow up
and act your age, but she didn't know
how to grow up any faster.
And she wasn't exactly sure how kids her age
were supposed to act.
I can't wait. Adios.
Jill, I am not late.
Why does she always do this?
I don't know, but if she misses the bus again,
it's your turn to drive her.
But I'm not going to be late for work.
Sorry.
Why do you do this?
All I ask is that you get up and out on time.
Now I'm going to have to drive you to school
and I'm going to be late for work again.
I told you I'm sorry.
Don't ignore me.
You are going to have to learn some responsibility, Miss.
Other people live in this house
and we're getting tired of putting up with your childishness.
Come on.
Jill kind of understood why her family was giving her grief,
but her friends weren't helping much either.
He's so fine.
I'd talk to him, but I'd probably drool or something.
Aren't you guys being kind of obvious?
We're just looking.
Yeah, like a couple silly gooses.
Silly gooses?
My grandmother says that.
Did you see that?
He checked her out. Did he check her out?
No way. He wouldn't check out a geek.
Look at this.
Grim's fairy tales.
Mother Goose.
The Sandman and other tales.
What is with her? Is she like a baby or something?
Talk about us. We saw you flirt with him.
I didn't. I had to sharpen my pencil.
Yeah, right.
He's coming. He's coming.
Hey, Jill.
Hi.
You have that reading assignment Kelly gave us yesterday?
I lost it someplace.
What are you supposed to read?
Hey, these are really interesting.
Are you reading these?
Yeah. No, I have to do a book report.
On what? Humpty dumpty?
Hey, Jules. I used to play these when I was a kid.
Jill plays with them now.
Get out of here, really.
Hey, Jill. You forgot your doll.
Jill knew she was being kind of childish.
But there was something inside her that didn't want to give up the world of fairy tales.
Because in all those stories, no matter how bad things got,
everyone always lived happily ever after.
And the princess always got the prince.
I've come to awaken you, Sleeping Beauty.
It's me. I got this for Halloween and I just wanted to show you.
You did not. You wanted to scare me again.
No, really. I didn't mean to.
Yes, you did. I hate you. I hate all of you.
I'm sorry. Geez. Don't get so bent out of shape.
Get out of here. Leave me alone.
I'm so sweat. I'm gone.
I'm about wanting to live in a world where dreams come true
and you can wish on a star.
I wish I could.
And I wish everybody would just leave me alone.
Sorry, but John is...
Mom? Dad?
Are you down there?
John?
Come out, will you?
You are such a slime.
If you think that you're going to scare me again.
Afraid of the dark?
Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
First, there were video games.
Then came virtual reality.
Simulated lifelike perspective that makes you feel like you're there.
But now there's something that blows virtual reality completely away.
Actual reality.
Feel the weight of the ball because you're actually holding the ball.
Feel the wind as you move because you're actually outside.
Feel the high-fives because you're actually there.
Nickelodeon wants you to tune in to the most advanced system ever created.
Yourself.
Actual reality.
Nothing else comes close.
Dunkaroos is the cookie, John.
For as much frosting as you want.
So how do you do your Dunkaroos?
The super duper deep dunk.
The lord dainty dunk.
You can dunk a Dunkaroos in as much chocolate vanilla frosting as you want.
So how do you do your Dunkaroos?
The upside down dunk.
Now the sneaking begins again with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
This is a dream.
God be dreaming.
You're getting warmer but you're only half right.
This place is a dream but you're not dreaming.
I don't like riddles.
The strangest things are there for me.
Both things to eat and things to see.
And many frightening sights abroad.
Till morning in the Land of Nod.
Stop it. I'm scared and I want to know where I am.
Oh, all right. You know one.
Land of Nod? And who are you?
Uh, isn't it obvious? I'm the Sandman.
Sandman?
Like the guy who puts sand in your eyes to make you go to sleep?
At your service?
Thank you. It's more snooze.
I don't believe any of this. It's a joke.
It's just...
It's what you wished for?
You took my book, clutched it to your chest,
looked out at the first star and said,
What's so wrong about wanting to live in a place where dreams can be true,
where you can wish upon a star?
I wish I could and I wish everybody would leave me alone.
Sound familiar?
No. No way.
Yes, way. You're on your own fairy tale.
Would you like to see how it comes out?
Yes.
Ah, sorry. That'll be cheating.
I want to go home.
Uh, sorry. That's not what happens.
Besides, fairy tales can't be changed.
Where's my family? Did you take them to?
Don't worry. They're here.
They won't bother you anymore.
Just like you wished.
No, I'm going home.
You can't. That's reality.
You wanted a fairy tale, remember?
No, I don't. I want to go home.
A little bit more careful about what you wished for.
Ha ha ha ha!
Think so?
You can change it, so can I.
Please, put that down!
I'm going to put it down, alright?
And I'm going to close the book!
Hey, what's the matter?
Yeah, now what?
Dream.
It's all a dream.
Honey, you were screaming. Are you okay?
No, she's not. She's a nutcase.
See?
No, I'm fine.
It was a stupid nightmare.
I'm sorry.
It's okay, honey. Go back to sleep.
Guys, I know I've been kind of a pain.
I think it's time to start giving up this fairy tale stuff.
Hooray. That's fine, honey.
Just don't give up on the kid inside altogether, okay?
I'm never going to get back to sleep.
Bro, I'm back to sleep.
Promising never to believe in fairy tales again.
If only she knew, she would have never gone back in that bed again.
The end.
So?
Don't take fairy tales lightly.
You never know which ones are made up.
And which ones are real.
Excellent.
I just have one question.
What?
Where's the part about the kids getting their heads chopped off?
A single mother of five, a psychedelic bus,
and a dream of rock and roll superstardom.
Sort of far out, but it just might work.
The Partridge family is Classic TV.
Every week night at 8-7 Central on Nick at Night.
This Sunday, tune in to Nick News W5
and tune in to your world.
Hillary Rodham Clinton.
What makes her job different from the other first ladies?
If wetlands are not preserved, where will the birds go?
His mom told him to go jump off a cliff.
Why did he listen?
It's all on Nick News W5 This Week.
Nick News.
Your world.
Your news.
This Sunday at 8-7 Central on the network that's tuned in to kids.
Nickelodeon.
If you're thinking about skipping this year's Walk for the Cure,
you better hop to it and register now.
Everyone knows this annual fundraiser for juvenile diabetes is a real ball.
And let's face it, walking a few miles isn't exactly going to the mooder's back.
Even if you're tapped out, you can get your friends and co-workers
to pledge a donation for every mile you walk.
So call the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation and register today.
We're going the extra mile to find the cure for diabetes.
But the most important two feet belong to you.